backend: Agg
interactive: False

lines.linewidth: 2.0

markers.fillstyle: none

font.size:    20.0

mathtext.bf:  serif:bold
mathtext.cal: cursive
mathtext.it:  serif:italic
mathtext.rm:  serif
mathtext.sf:  sans
mathtext.tt:  monospace
mathtext.fallback: cm
mathtext.default: it
mathtext.fontset: dejavuserif

axes.linewidth:     1.2
axes.titlesize:     20
axes.labelsize:     20
axes.prop_cycle: cycler('color', 'kbgrcmy')

xtick.top:           True
xtick.major.size:    7
xtick.minor.size:    3
xtick.major.width:   1.2
xtick.minor.width:   1.2
xtick.labelsize:     16
xtick.direction:     in
xtick.minor.visible: True

ytick.right:         True
ytick.major.size:    7
ytick.minor.size:    3
ytick.major.width:   1.2
ytick.minor.width:   1.2
ytick.labelsize:     16
ytick.direction:     in
ytick.minor.visible: True

legend.frameon:       False
legend.fontsize:      20

figure.titlesize:   20
figure.figsize:     7, 5
figure.dpi:         200

errorbar.capsize: 3

savefig.bbox:      tight
savefig.transparent: True
